### Automatically generated dependencies. Update with 'make dep'
# DO NOT DELETE

obj/Linux64RHEL7/TNT10Reader.o: NT10_E2b.h TNT10Reader.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TNT10Reader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TVirtualData.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TNT10Reader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEVNTClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TNT10Reader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TECPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TNT10Reader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TSCPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TNT10Reader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TDCPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TNT10Reader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TCCPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TNT10Reader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TLCPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TNT10Reader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THEADClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TNT10Reader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THEADERClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TNT10Reader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TGSIMClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TNT10Reader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TGSIMClass_const.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TNT10Reader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THLSClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TNT10Reader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TS1STClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TNT10Reader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTRGSClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TNT10Reader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/VirtualReader/TVirtualReader.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TNT10Reader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTGBIClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TNT10Reader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEPICClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TNT10Reader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEPICValue.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TNT10Reader.o: Hbook_interface.h
