### Automatically generated dependencies. Update with 'make dep'
# DO NOT DELETE

obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: TDSTReader.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/VirtualReader/TVirtualReader.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THEADERClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEVNTClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TVirtualData.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TECPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TSCPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TDCPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TCCPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TLCPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THEADClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTGBIClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEPICClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEPICValue.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TGSIMClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TGSIMClass_const.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THLSClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TS1STClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTRGSClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TICPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TICHBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TFBPMClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TSTPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTGPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTAGRClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TMCHDClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TVERTClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TMVRTClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTBERClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTReader.o: TStoreClone.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TStoreClone.o: TStoreClone.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTReader.o: TMiniDSTReader.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TMiniHEADClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TMiniDSTClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TVirtualData.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/VirtualReader/TVirtualReader.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THEADERClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEVNTClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TECPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TSCPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TDCPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TCCPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TLCPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THEADClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTGBIClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEPICClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEPICValue.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TGSIMClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TGSIMClass_const.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THLSClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TS1STClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTReader.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTRGSClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTWriter.o: TMiniDSTWriter.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TMiniDSTClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TVirtualData.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TMiniHEADClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TGSIMClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEVNTClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TMiniDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TGSIMClass_const.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: TDSTWriter.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/VirtualReader/TVirtualReader.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THEADERClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEVNTClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TVirtualData.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TECPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TSCPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TDCPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TCCPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TLCPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THEADClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTGBIClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEPICClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEPICValue.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TGSIMClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TGSIMClass_const.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THLSClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TS1STClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTRGSClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: TDSTReader.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TICPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TICHBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TFBPMClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TSTPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTGPBClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTAGRClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TMCHDClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TVERTClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TMVRTClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: /user/a/alaoui/software/clas_software_ver1/packages/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTBERClass.h
obj/Linux64RHEL7/TDSTWriter.o: TStoreClone.h
